hi welcome to shixin Shores Ontario
located on the north shore of Lake Gary
this is a park unlike any other Park
Lake area is the only sand bass lake of
all the Great Lakes we have the best
beaches here some of the best beaches in
North America two and a half miles of
private beach and an 18 acre springfed
quarry come on in I'm going to show you
my residence I have a three season
residence home they open the park April
15th and they close it November 1st so
you could spend spring summer and falls
here come on in let's show you the place
this is our dock a 16 by 12 and we have
solar screen panels and it's quite
comfortable
come on answer these french doors into
the kitchen
they have a full evening kitchen with an
island a gas stove built-in microwave
plenty of storage deep fading sink great
views of the quarry while you're doing
your dishes full-size fridge plenty of
stores plenty of cabinetry and this is a
living room we have entertainment center
here that I'll accommodate a 42 inch TV
if you choose and coming into the back
of the home we have a laundry area here
we have a full washer and dryer and
linen closet then our first bathroom is
two double-doubles bunks and a small
closet with drawers
and the master bathroom
has a full closet over there
a pocket door connecting the bathroom to
the master bedroom and we have a full
bath with a skylight
the whole home is wired 110 electrical
service central air essential heat and
we have a full fireplace in the anteroom
welcome to the anteroom this Hana rooms
12 by 24 it's a full weather anteroom
the fireplace is the 23,000 BTU
fireplace solid oak porcelain and
cast-iron and it heats the whole trailer
it's not fully remote control and it's
great for the early spring and late fall
you'll really enjoy it
and we have an eight-foot slider here
that views the quarry all the doors hair
and trailer is completely winterized and
now we have a complete wall of built-ins
here for plenty of storage there's no
just no shortage of storage here in this
and that's rather than this is plenty of
storage this is a pull-out couch that
sleeps to the trailer is 14 feet wide by
45 feet long and there's plenty of room
you can accommodate 10 people in here
quite comfortably in this trailer and
great views and we're going to show you
the rest of the trailer the outside of
the trailer
pretty much everything you see comes
with the challenge we're gonna take a
walk around on the channel here we have
a guest grill a wandering silver B gas
grill that comes with it
very good grill fire pad
I'll color-coordinated skirts
before my age sad and for 100-pound
propane tanks - for the trailer and -
for the fireplace these pretty much last
all season long
marching back here for your golf cart
and every Saturday night rixton does the
fireworks right here right in front of
98 Cory Bueller
well this is quite a spot
come in and give me a call and your
family can enjoy it